getting a reference from somebody in the industry, that's always worked well for
me in life.
A good reference I feel like goes a long way. The actual claim practice where you
write it all up,
take photos...just seeing the tips and tricks on how to make your life listen
miserable,
on deployment and not feel overwhelmed. When you have a plan I feel like it
makes you
a lot more comfortable, and like what you're doing. What I've seen from the
industry you need
every step you can to get ahead of everybody else. You did what you said you
were going to do
and I felt confident in all  the skills I picked up. If you want to feel
confident and
comfortable going on that first deployment, Fast track would be an easy way to
do that.